So we have our exported video file ready to be viewed.
And like I mentioned, the reason we do this is because you're going to see things differently when
you watch it in this way.
So what I do when I have feedback or I'm refining one of my edits is I watch it like this and I'll open
up a notes tab and let's title this demo, real editing notes, and then I'll start a bullet point list
right here that is going to let me know the changes that need to be made.
So, for example, if I go through the edit and, you know, at 17 seconds, I wanted to change something,
I go 17, you know, update X, Y, Z, and then if there was something at one minute, I would say
one minute, you know, change X, Y, Z.
Right.
So let's go ahead and get into that process.
OK, sweetie, so it's looking pretty good.
There's definitely a few things that stuck out to me, and I don't know if I mentioned this, but you
want to watch this as if it's your first time seeing it.
You know, the track selection you made.
You know the shots you chose.
You know the pacing.
You know what's going to happen next?
And your viewer is seeing it for the first time.
So before you sit down and review your rough edit to plug in your editing and revision notes, try to
have that mindset and try to have that frame of mind.
You got to have a little bit of a short term memory here to just, you know, show up to what you're
watching with no preconceived feelings or thoughts about it.
So anyways, let's talk about the edit now.
The audio for the two track transition from one track to another was a little bit abrupt for my ear.
I would probably spend another hour or so smoothing that out, probably adding a longer swoosh affect
to alert the viewer that there was an audible change about to happen.
But actually, you know, we could probably help that out by adding a film burn that will help make
this transition a little bit cleaner.
So let's actually make that our first video.
So right here, one or four, that's where this transition happens.
So I'm going to say add film burn.
That's going to be able to just assist the transition between our two musical tracks.
Now, there was, I think, two or three other things that really stuck out to me.
There's so much movement in all these shots.
And then we get to this red shoe and there's no movement.
It's a tripod shot.
So we need to add some movement to this shot at 22 seconds.
Add movement.
And then there was.
What was it?
Yes, OK.
This shot is really cool.
This dude is like teleporting kind of.
And it matches up really in a cool way to the audio.
But again, there's a lot of movement going on.
And then this shot is just so static.
It's such a still look and try to watch.
Not a fan, especially with this zoom out shot right after.
So 30 seconds and zoom out.
What else?
Let's.
So as I was watching it, I was just kind of passively hearing listening and feeling how the edit was
hitting me, how is making me feel.
And those three things really stuck out.
Everything else was pretty good for this beginning.
Rough edit.
Now, the reason we do this is because now that we have these timestamp notes, now I can go right over
to my editing software, go to 22 seconds right here and make the change.
Otherwise, if you don't have these kind of notes going, you know, you open you're editing software
again, after doing your rough edit, you start playing it, you start watching it, maybe you make
a little change here or there, but you don't directly address the big things that showed up for you.
And it will also show up for the viewer when they're watching it for the first time.
So let's go ahead and knock out our first change.
I'm going to scale this up and then we're going to do a position key frame.
So let's move it to one side at the beginning.
Go to the end.
Move it to the other side.
And that's going to give us this kind of smooth pattern.
Now, let's check that out.
OK, so that's definitely helping out a lot, and even with this shot, it's got that still moment.
I think if we just kind of scale this up, it's going to also help the following shot.
So we're doing one hundred at the beginning and we'll do one or five at the end.
Well.
OK, cool.
Now, what we do is we check off that change and we go to the next one, which is that 30 seconds.
So we have these three shots, which is one single shot.
And let's go ahead and test it so that we can affect globally the whole shot as one single clip.
I'm going to do two scaling keyframes.
Go to the beginning.
Let's do one twenty.
OK.
Oh, and we can go ahead and add a position.
So we're scaling out, zooming out, and then we can also do a bit of a tilt boom.
Let's see that.
Cool.
We can do even more of a zoom out by scaling it up just a little bit more at the beginning.
I actually liked it better at one time.
So let's keep that.
Perfect.
And you see how effective this is, we're just going through and fixing exactly what needs to be fixed.
Not lotty dating, you know, and not wasting any time.
So now let's go to one or four.
Yes, this is where we have our music change, and it needs something.
So let's grab a film, burn here
and let's experiment, let's see if we can do something with this one.
I really don't know is going to work.
This is I've never used the film burn that look like this, but maybe it will.
OK, let's just kind of see.
Tony.
It's a little bit distracting for my eye, so let's try a different kind of Filburn.
Let's grab this one and throw it in.
Turn the blending mode to screen.
Now let's see.
OK, that's better.
Still a little bit of in.
OK, let's see without.
And let's see it with.
Perfect.
OK.
I am liking the way that looks.